Docs update for deploying with Kustomize (#47772)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/deploy/kubernetes/kustomize/gke.md

# Installation Guide - Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)

This section is aimed at providing high-level guidance on deploying Sourcegraph using a Kustomize overlay on GKE. 

## Overview

> The installation steps below will walk you through the steps using our examples overlay for GKE to deploy the Sourcegraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation guide below will walk you through deploying Sourcegraph on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) using our GKE example overlay.
```
